[doc] Tutorials landing page (#21194)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/tutorials/_index.md

headerTitle: Tutorials
linkTitle: Tutorials
description: How to develop applications with YugabyteDB using your preferred environment, software and programming language.
headcontent: Step-by-step guides for building scalable and fault tolerant applications with YugabyteDB using your favorite programming language, services, and frameworks
type: indexpage
cascade:
  unversioned: true
---

{{< sections/2-boxes >}}
  {{< sections/bottom-image-box
    title="Create a hello world application"

>     description="Build the simplest application in your favorite language using YugabyteDB as a database."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Build a basic application in your favorite language using YugabyteDB as a database."
```

Reviewer: Not sure if we have to strongly follow the usage of words like simple and easy.. but if we want to.. then go with my suggestion.
